We had a closer look at buttons and lists.
Let's have a closer look at the grid.
We briefly covered it in the last section on the last application we bult not want to have a closer
look at it.
I Onix grid system is a very flexible system which you can use anywhere in your template even inside
of avor.
I own two components for example in a card element a car component as you saw it in the last section.
It's based on flex box which is a C S S feature which basically makes placing a lining and so on of
items that are very very flexible and easy.
And here you can see how it works.
You can add this ion grid wrapper which is optional though it adds some extra padding and you can then
add in rows and columns and those columns can ever have NO with assigned to them or you use like with
10 with 20 all the sizes you see here to give them a specific with if you don't add it with attribute
they will automatically divide up all the available space between all columns.
So let's see some action back in the application.
I'm actually going to add this on top so that we don't have to scroll down in our application here and
here I will start by adding in grid.
Again keep in mind this is optional.
But I will add it here now then we will add I wrote.
And in this row I will add in column whereas say column.
Now let me save this.
And now if we reload the application we see a column here.
Now it's a bit hard to see how broad this column is right.
So let's add a little styling to it.
I'm going to go to the home s.c.s s file and I'll simply change the look of I and.
So I'm using the selector of this component and I'll give it a border of one pixel dasht and a light
Great.
Now if I save this you won't see that now we can clearly see the world space.
This column takes up with these whistle glue or indication here I'll go back to the template and now
let's add a second column A second column like this.
What you will see now is that now both columns are evenly stretched out across this row.
They both take up the same amount of space.
Now you can't change that by for example going to your first column and using with 67 on it.
Now that will tell I own up to you to make this column more broader.
Or since our second column actually holds some text mixed up.
Let's make the first column smaller by for example placing with 20 on it.
So go back to that column and simply add with 20 like this.
And now you can see that this column is much smaller it even has to wrap a line now.
And in our second column is the broad column as the first one only takes about 20 percent of the with
which is available.
So these are ways of configuring how your column should look like and how much space they should take
up how they should distribute the wearable space amongst each other.
You can also offset columns for example if we add another row in our grid here like this.
And now I add a new column a new column and I want to make sure that this column doesn't sit on the
left edge but instead it's pushed to the right a bit I can add offset and then for example 20 the same
width.
We could use with with in front of it.
Now with offset in front of it let's see what the steps you see.
It pushes the column to the right and makes sure that there is an empty space for the left and does
empty space of course is as broad as this column on the top.
Since we didn't find it to be of size 20 so 20 percent of the available space.
Of course you could also set this to 50 to push as even more to the right.
So these are different ways of using this grid of making sure that you're placing things where you want
to have them placed.
Again I can only invite you to play around with this to really understand how it works and to understand
how you can use it for your specific use case.